# DUNGEDEX

## The resource that converts Pokemon to Monsters compatible with DnD 5e.

Our application is built off the Opensource PokeApi and the DnD5eApi to provide generated monsters that can then be tailor made to match a user's preferences. Using data on a Pokemon's stats together with a tailored algorithm for making monsters for each challenge rating in DnD5e, we've made a site that will produce a mathematically balanced Dungemon for each likely challenge rating expected at a 5e table. 

We've also encorporated a search algorithm to hunt for spells that match a given Dungemon's stats, and will output thematic results for a given Dungemon, based on expecations about its type and level from a Pokemon setting. 
Importantly, if any of these autogenerated responses are not to a budding Game Master's liking, then each Dungemon is editable, and saveable to a given users profile. We took steps to properly save each of these saved creations to our own database, and made them searchable to any prospective user of the site. 

Because of the complexity of the data given from both the DnD5eAPI and the PokeAPI, it was important to implement both client and server side caching. By implementing caching, we ensured that we would reduce the number of pings we were making to these free API resources. We also implemented JWTToken authorization through Microsoft's inbuilt Authorization Identity and JWT packages. 

Due to the monetary limitations with running a project like this off AWS servers, we tested our database functionality locally. To implement any database of your choosing with this project, be sure to include a Secrets.json file in your DungedexBE project, with the value
```
{
  "ConnectionStrings": {
    "MyCnString": "Server=YOUR_SERVER_DETAILS_HERE"
  }
}
```
and this will allow you to create and add your own Dungemon to your own database. 

Using our website was intended to be simple and intuitive. You can find any randomly generated Dungemon by first inputting the name of a Pokemon into the search bar, or by inputting its Pokedex number. If you leave the searchbar blank, a number will be provided for you and you'll be taken to a random page instead.

Here you can see your generated Dungemon! If you wish to edit it, you'll be prompted to sign in. By signing in, you can edit any of the values on the dungemon page, and then by clicking publish, you can add it to the list of published, user-generated Dungemon. 

As a stretch goal, we hoped to implement a favouriting system, where each user can like a given creation, and those with the highest number of likes would be visibly apparent to all users of the site.
